The decision to quit my job to further my education may be the most important moment in my life. After 5 years of reflection, I found that I am interested in Computer Science, to be more specific, in machine learning. My working experience and the problems I encountered urged me to back to school.

One problem in my work was that the product of my company could not arrive to customers in time. Because the product is sensitive to the temperature, the warehouse of our customer is small, making it very important to predict when the product is used up, and what is the best time to send a new batch of product. The perfect scenario is that the tank truck arrives when the product is used up. However, So many times I saw the driver waiting for the consumption because we send more than the warehouse's capacity, or, the construction of the high speed railways had to stop because of the lack of our product. It is because of this that I felt an urgent need to further my study.

I am fortunately admitted to TongJi University and chose supply chain management as my major. In the first year, I became a voracious reader to study every technique I met, from economic order quantity (EOQ) algorithm to ARIMA models. In the course *Management Information System*, I learned about machine learning algorithms, which brought me a brand new world.

So fascinating and powerful are the machine learning algorithms that I spent most of my spare time on it. Programming is not a problem for me, because I started programming in my high schools and was chosen to take part in an algorithm contest. The real hard part came from the machine learning algorithms and its optimization techniques. I learned these the hard way. I tried to deduce the formula of these algorithms to make sure I understand them. Also, I tried implement some of the algorithms, such as line search, gradient descent, conjugate gradient, quasi-newton, KNN, Naive Bayes, SVM and some heuristic algorithms, for example, taboo search, simulated annealing Genetic algorithms. Moreover, I started a discussion group to share my knowledge with my classmates, and learned heuristics algorithms and other techniques from them. In one assignment of *Management Information System*, I introduced my classmates with support vector machine, a popular machine learning algorithm.


In addition to study these algorithms, I also obtained Data Science certificates provided by Johns Hopkins on Coursera. The courses include very broad topics, from data analyst's toolbox to statistical inference, and to pragmatical machine algorithms. So eager was I to learn the courses that I accomplished 9 courses in three months. Sometimes I could feel that I was not the one as before because I had learned something new. I have learned a lot from the course: I honed my programming skills, furthered my understanding in machine learning algorithms, accustomed myself to English teaching environment, improved my communication skills and acquainted me with other eager students from all over the world.

To apply what I have learned to practice, I take part in Graduate Mathematical Modeling Contest, in which my roles were model builder and team leader. I built up the models with my partners and implement it by myself in matlab environment.  In these days, I act as a mediator when they disagreed with each other, and hearten them when they felt too tired to give up. This experience made me realize that one can do better research with others. I could not come up with a solution in that short time, and they held the same point of view. However, through close cooperation we put up an Integer Programming model, and solved the problem with branch-and-bound and heuristic algorithms.

Although I spent much time in these courses and activities, I performed well in my major. I got an average record of 86/100. In my master thesis, I tried to introduce Data envelopment Analysis (DEA) efficiency as a feature to better predict corporation financial failure using random forest, support vector machine and other machine learning algorithms. The preliminary results were promising and I am working on that to make it better.

